Asked about technology and supported Jay Chou to become chairman.
Xinke Zhi wants to support Jay Chou to take over as chairman.
Zhengkang Qitan supports Jay Chou to take over as chairman.
We support Jay Chou.
Thank you for your support.
From now on, I will definitely lead the Haihai team.
The ability of local director Jay Chou is obvious to everyone in Haizhao.
Is the most suitable candidate for the president,
If he is unworthy.
Is it right or wrong?
I take the actual risk and transfer my seat.
Let me ask everyone who is doing this, who can compare with me?
Ten days and eleven, I did have something
But you just ran into a typhoon by luck
What kind of ability is this?
Wang Qi, today is the internal Yan Hui of our Haizhou business community.
If it weren't for Yang
Li Fang, Li is not even qualified to enter today, right?
Zhang Wanming, you are still a member of the Haizhou Chamber of Commerce.
I secretly established the analysis of the establishment
The province is a work that achieves a comprehensive strategy
Discussing the qualifications of the real and false theory of state affairs competitions
Zhou Tian is not worthy of you
If I remember correctly
The Chamber of Commerce clearly stipulates
Must be the president of the company
Or the chief mayor of the group
Only then are we qualified to treat President Zhou Tianci
But Xun is a director
How can he be the president of this association?
You want to use the Chamber of Commerce's accountant to pressure the business?
Want to hide from my position as president